README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi, I'm Charles!

I'm a passionate **Full Stack Web Developer** who loves building web apps that look great and work even better.

---

## 🚀 About Me

- 💻 I build full-stack web applications using **HTML**, **CSS**, **JavaScript**, **PHP**, and **MySQL**
- ⚛️ Currently learning advanced backend logic, REST APIs, and security best practices
- 🎯 Focused on creating responsive, user-friendly experiences across all devices
- 🛠️ Tools I use: VS Code, Git, XAMPP, React, Bootstrap, and more

---

## 🌐 Let's Connect

- 📱 **WhatsApp**: [07032355643](https://wa.me/2347032355643)
- 📧 **Email**: [c08445333@gmail.com](mailto:c08445333@gmail.com)
- 🌍 **Based in**: Nigeria

---

## 💡 Fun Facts

- I code like I mean it — frontend or backend, I get the job done
- Big fan of clean UI, optimized queries, and scalable systems
- I believe in learning fast, building faster, and helping others along the way

---

> *"You don't need to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar*

Thanks for stopping by! Feel free to explore my projects and give a ⭐ if anything inspires you.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and skills
Updated personal introduction and skills in README.

README.md, after:

👋 Hi, I'm Charles

I'm a passionate Full-Stack Web Developer who loves building modern, responsive, and high-performance web applications.

🚀 About Me

💻 I build full-stack applications using PHP/MySQL, MERN Stack, and React Native

🎨 I enjoy crafting clean UI/UX and building smooth, responsive experiences

⚙️ I work across both the frontend and backend — from REST APIs to interactive interfaces

🧰 Languages & Tools
<p align="left"> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/php/php-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/mysql/mysql-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" width="40"/> <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original.svg" width="40"/> </p>
🌐 Connect With Me

📱 WhatsApp: 07032355643

📧 Email: c08445333@gmail.com

🌍 Location: Nigeria

💡 Fun Facts

I code with intention — clean, secure, and scalable solutions always

Obsessed with UI, performance, and optimized database queries

Fast learner, faster builder — always improving and helping others

✨ “You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” — Zig Ziglar

Thanks for visiting my profile!
Feel free to explore my repositories — and ⭐ anything you like!
